---
title: "Mathura Visit – Part 2"
publishDate: 2008-02-28
tags: []
draft: false
originalUrl: "https://deependrasolanky.wordpress.com/2008/02/28/mathura-visit-part-2/"
---
Finally I am back to Delhi after 10 days. I have visited Mathura once more in past when I was just 12 years old with my father so some memories were still there in my mind. I was wishing to see some places this time also. It was a busy tour but anyhow I have managed to visit some places at Mathura in one fine evening with colleague Sandeep . First we have gone to Vishram Ghat which is bank of river Yamuna. I was shocked to see the condition of Yamuna, the water was all black coloured due to garbage. I have seen same here at Delhi but honestly I was not hoping for the same at Mathura. Government should do something to clean our old and holy rivers like Yamuna. To see the boats with colourful patterns were very good feeling at Vishram Ghat. After that we have gone to see the temple Dwarikadheesh which was very near to Vishram Ghat. The temple was good but it was having a lot of crowd because when we have entered there it was daily aarti (worship) time. The temple location itself is very busy with a lot of crowd on road. After Dwarikadheesh  temple we have gone to the famous Shri Krishna Janmasthan. We have faced some problem into entry of this temple because of heavy checking by police and we have to deposit our items including mobile phones at reception. But after entering the place it was a delightful watch. The area is very big so even after a lot of crowd it did not feel crowdy place. We have spent around one hour there and although we were wishing more to stay there but we have to move because it was very late and we wanted to cover one more site. So after inquiring from local people we have decided to go to Geeta Mandir. When we reach there is was already dark so we could not view it properly but it was a nice place. There were very few people there and I hope that next time whenever I go to Mathura I will go there in day time.
That was the end of our Mathura sightseeing. And for the purpose of my this visit to Mathura as I have discussed in previous post it was successful. A lot of things have been learned by watching the software application being used live which I think will not possible while sitting and developing it in office.
